# icp-hackaton
Aegis Public Repository for ICP Hackaton

## Summary

Aegis is being developed to democratize education and knowledge about crypto assets, blockchain and Web3, besides operating its assets through contribution of experienced analysts and with the help of the Aegis community. Aegis Protocol shares the ecosystem's benefits with community members through utility NFTs, so that each individual can help build the protocol and feel part of an amalgamated system between human and technology. Aegis Protocol's main goal is to democratize access to knowledge and technology of decentralized finance for people who sometimes did not have the opportunity to know or interact with such technological evolution.


## The Problem

Users often encounter many barriers when faced with the crypto world, Aegis is being developed to drastically lower these barriers, our goal is to make Aegis a tool that facilitates user contact with crypto operations, freeing them from the need to spend a lot of their own time and money to expose themselves to crypto assets and empowering them with crypto/web3 education. Such planning aims to democratize access and accelerate the adoption of blockchain technology in the daily lives of more and more users.

## Our Solution

Aegis works with the help of experienced contributors and community proposals to build a health ecossystem, along with this, the economic model always aims to increase its position in holding assets over time, in order to increase its equity in the long term and be able to extract value with possible market impulses in the short term. The Aegis Protocol distributes the value of this ecosystem to its users through powerful utility NFTs, which facilitates users' contact with the crypto world and also adds enormous value to such NTFs and their owners. The value of Aegis NFTs is directly related to the value generated by the protocol for the community and the value generated by the community for the protocol, this model was developed so that both grow in a collaborative and egalitarian way.

## Our Vision

Our main vision is to be able to connect diverse people and projects into a large ecosystem, forming strategic partnerships to co-create valuable assets. We know that such entities and users often reside on different blockchains, so development aimed at interoperability is of paramount importance and ICP offers the best set of technology, services and tools to make these goals a reality.

## How We Do It

# Using internet identity to facilitate access

# Ordinals Integration/Marketplace

- **React.js:** 


## Future Roadmap



## Project Media
